- update docs for MesonToolchain and Meson (build helper) (#1980)
conan-io/docs: creating_packages/toolchains/meson.rst

The ``MesonToolchain`` will generate the following file during ``conan install``
command (or before calling the ``build()`` method when the package is being

> built in the cache): ``conan_meson_native.ini``, if doing a native build, or
> ``conan_meson_cross.ini``, if doing a cross build (:ref:`cross_building_reference`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
built in the cache): *conan_meson_native.ini*, if doing a native build, or
*conan_meson_cross.ini*, if doing a cross-build (:ref:`cross_building_reference`).
```

> ``conan_meson_native.ini`` will contain the definitions of all the Meson properties

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this be?:
```suggestion
``conan_meson_native.ini`` or ``conan_meson_cross.ini`` will contain the definitions of all the Meson properties
```

* The Visual Studio runtime (``b_vscrt``), obtained from Conan input settings

> ``conan_meson_cross.ini`` contains the same information as ``conan_meson_native.ini```,
> but additionally it includes information to desribe host, target and build machines (such
> as processor architecture).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*conan_meson_cross.ini* contains the same information as *conan_meson_native.ini*,
but with additional information to describe host, target, and build machines (such
as the processor architecture).
```

    # This conan_meson_native.iniis specific for release
    $ meson setup --native-file conan_meson_native.ini build .
    $ meson compile -C build

Meson build helper
------------------

The ``Meson()`` build helper that works with the ``MesonToolchain`` is also experimental,
and subject to breaking change in the future. It will evolve to adapt and complement the
toolchain functionality.

The helper is intended to be used in the ``build()`` method, to call Meson commands automatically
when a package is being built directly by Conan (create, install)

.. code:: python

    from conans import Meson

    def build(self):
        meson = Meson(self)
        meson.configure(source_folder="src")
        meson.build()

It supports the following methods:

constructor
+++++++++++

.. code:: python

    def __init__(self, conanfile, build_folder='build'):

- ``conanfile``: the current recipe object. Always use ``self``.
- ``build_folder``: Relative path to a folder to contain the temporary build files

configure()
+++++++++++

.. code:: python

    def configure(self, source_folder=None):

> Calls ``meson``, with the given generator and passing either ``--native-file conan_meson_native.ini``
>  (native builds) or ``--cross-file conan_meson_cross.ini`` (cross builds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calls :command:`meson`, with the given generator and passing either :command:`--native-file conan_meson_native.ini`
(native builds) or :command:`--cross-file conan_meson_cross.ini` (cross builds).
```

- ``source_folder``: Relative path to the folder containing the root *meson.build*

build()
+++++++

.. code:: python

    def build(self):

Calls the build system. Equivalent to :command:`meson compile -C .` in the build folder.

install()
+++++++++

.. code:: python

    def install(self):

Installs development files (headers, libraries, etc.). Equivalent to run :command:`meson install -C .` in the build folder.

test()
++++++

.. code:: python

    def test(self):

> Runs project's tests. Equivalent to running :command:`meson test -v -C .` in the build folder..

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Runs project's tests. Equivalent to running :command:`meson test -v -C .` in the build folder.
```
